PBM-1503-add-information-on-main-storage-for-restore-metadata (#264)
percona/pbm-docs: docs/usage/restore-progress.md

You can track the status of both physical and logical restores. This gives you a clear understanding of the restore progress so that you can react accordingly. 

> To view the restore status, run the `pbm describe-restore` command and specify the restore name. To track a physical restore's progress, specify the path to the Percona Backup for MongoDB (PBM) configuration file. Since `mongod` nodes are shut down during a physical restore, Percona Backup for MongoDB uses the configuration file to read the restore status on storage. PBM stores restore metadata only in the main storage when multiple backup storages are configured. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the restore status, run the `pbm describe-restore` command and specify the restore name. To track a physical restore's progress, specify the path to the Percona Backup for MongoDB (PBM) configuration file. Since `mongod` nodes are shut down during a physical restore, Percona Backup for MongoDB uses the configuration file to read the restore status on storage. PBM stores the restore metadata only in the main storage when [multiple backup storages](../features/multi-storage.md) are configured. 
```

-  Type
-  Status
-  opID
-  The time of the restore start
-  The time of the restoration start
-  The time of the restore finish (for successful restores)
-  Last transition time – the time when the restore process changed its status
-  The name of every replica set, its restore status and the last transition time 
-  The name of every replica set, its restore status, and the last transition time 

For physical backups only, the following additional information is provided:

- The node name
- Restore status on the node
- Last transition time

> Refer to the [pbm describe-restore](../reference/pbm-commands.md#output_1) for the full list of fields and their description.

Reviewer: Using please is overall not recommended. I would remove it. What if to word it as "Check the [pbm describe-restore](../reference/pbm-commands.md#output_1) reference for the full list of fields and their description."?

> Please look at the [pbm describe-restore](../reference/pbm-commands.md#output_1) for the full list of fields and their description.

Author: ```suggestion
Check the [pbm describe-restore](../reference/pbm-commands.md#output_1) for the full list of fields and their description.
```
